Title
    Photovoltaic Decay Modeling through PVWatts
    Author: Cypress Reed
    CSCI200, Section D

PROBLEM DESCRIPTION:
    I created a program that predicts future power output of a solar panel based on its specifications for power output, temperature derating
        coefficient, and decay rate. Given a location's average irradiance and temperature over a year, I will give its expected power output a given number of
        years into the future. There will be no direct user interaction; instead, the program will require two command line arguments: the location of a file to
        read information from and the location of a file to output to. Both will be in CSV format so they can be read by Excel or a similar application. The
        input file will contain the required input specifications and the output file will be a number of rows equivalent to the number of years into the future
        and will have the expected power output at each year over that timeframe for each panel.

PROGRAM DOCUMENTATION:
    The program takes in a csv file with the following format:
        1. Reference power as a decimal
        2. Average irradiance in watts per square meter as a decimal
        3. Average temperature in degrees Celsius as a decimal
        4. Temperature Derating Coefficient of Power as a decimal
        5. Decay rate per year of your panel as a decimal
    It then outputs a csv file with a row for each year and a column for each panel, matching the rows of input. The output also shows the year number for each
        row. The output file can be read by Excel or a similar application to create graphs.

    The expected power output is calculated using the following formula:
        P = P_ref * (1 + T * T_derate) * (1 - decay_rate) ^ years
    Where P is the expected power output, P_ref is the reference power, T is the average temperature, T_derate is the temperature derating coefficient,
        decay_rate is the decay rate per year, and years is the number of years into the future. This is the standard PVWatts formula combined with an
        exponential decay rate formula. There are more complicated decay formulae that are more accurate, but this approximation is close enough for this
        project and much easier to implement.

    I would have loved to implement a graphing feature where a user could input the specifications of a panel and see a graph of its expected power output over
        time, but I thought it was beyond the scope of this project and I wanted to focus on getting the core functionality working first. I would have liked to
        allow users to simply input a location to pull irradiance and temperature data, but that requires internet access, and I didn't feel comfortable
        implementing that feature in this case. I also don't have the knowledge of how to do that in C++.

    The simulation class is separate from the equation class on purpose. This way, the simulation class can be extended in the future to have more simulations,
        and the necessary equations could just be within the equation class. The simulation class uses the equation class, but it is more complex.

    FileIO and IOProcessor work together fairly closely, but I wanted to handle the file streams separate from the data processing.

    main.cpp includes a error handling and user interaction. It has a help function that allows users to see how to actually format the csv for this program. I
        wanted to do this because there could come a time when someone else wants to use this program where I am not controlling how they implement it.

    Eventually, I will likely edit this program to be less specific to this class. I'll edit the makefile targets and that type of thing so that users can just
        run make to build and not worry about submissions and that kind of thing. I'll likely publish that on GitHub at some point (https://github.com/halfcyan).

    Differences from the proposal:
        I didn't end up using the StandardFunctions library I've built because it's mostly for user inputs and I didn't use that in this project. I did everything
            at the command line.

        I didn't add the number of years to the PanelData struct because I realized it's more realistic to just have the number of years to be the same for all
            panels. It also made implementation easier because I could construct the 2D array easier.

        The Equation class is very different from in the proposal. It only has static member functions that are used in the simulation class. Each panel will
            only use the equation class once, where the simulation class will use it multiple times, so I didn't want to construct objects for each panel.
            Standard test conditions are also built into the code at compile-time (constexpr) because there are so few instances where someone is using a
            different set of conditions that it didn't make sense to have them as variables.

        The IOProcessor class has more functions than in the proposal because I ended up needing helper functions I wasn't anticipating or didn't think of.
CLASS DESCRIPTION:
    I created a few custom classes.
    The most complex one is IOProcessor. It has functions for reading and writing csv files, as well as some helper functions for parsing strings and
        formatting output. It cleans up the main function and allows for easier reading and writing of files.
    The FileIO class is a simple wrapper around file streams that allows for easier reading and writing of files.
    The Simulation class runs the equations that calculate the expected power output for each panel over the specified number of years.
    The Equation class has static member functions that implement the equations for calculating expected power output based on the PVWatts formula and the
        decay formula.
    The PanelData struct is a simple struct that holds the specifications for each panel.
LIST DATA STRUCTURE:
    I used a couple of list structures. I used a single array of PanelData structs to hold the specifications for each panel. I also used a 2D array of doubles
        to hold the expected power output for each panel over the specified number of years. The 2D array is indexed by year and panel number, so it is easy to
        access the expected power output for any given year and panel, which is critical for the output file.
    I prefer to use arrays when I can because they are more efficient than vectors and I know the size of the data ahead of time, in this case at runtime.
FILE I/O:
    I used File I/O to read in the input file and write the output file. I thought it was necessary because users can make small edits to files without having
        to input every parameter again by hand. The output is also easier to read and can be easily graphed in Excel or a similar application.
PROJECT MODIFICATIONS:
    Copying this from the program documentation:
    I didn't end up using the StandardFunctions library I've built because it's mostly for user inputs and I didn't use that in this project. I did everything
        at the command line.

    I didn't add the number of years to the PanelData struct because I realized it's more realistic to just have the number of years to be the same for all
        panels. It also made implementation easier because I could construct the 2D array easier.

    The Equation class is very different from in the proposal. It only has static member functions that are used in the simulation class. Each panel will
        only use the equation class once, where the simulation class will use it multiple times, so I didn't want to construct objects for each panel.
        Standard test conditions are also built into the code at compile-time (constexpr) because there are so few instances where someone is using a
        different set of conditions that it didn't make sense to have them as variables.

    The IOProcessor class has more functions than in the proposal because I ended up needing helper functions I wasn't anticipating or didn't think of.
REFLECTIONS:
    I learned that C++ can be much harder than I expected. I had weird issues with deallocating pointers multiple times (in main.cpp and in a class destructor)
        that causes the program to throw a weird fault I didn't know how to fix. Getting the csv formatting to work took me the longest amount of time because I
        couldn't figure out how I wanted to format the output. Through this project, I learned how file input and output can simultaneously make projects
        esaier and more difficult, I learned how to use command line arguments (I wrote the code for this back in early April, so we hadn't learned that in
        class yet), and I learned why separating classes that you might want to extend in the future is beneficial. I think in the future, I will think more
        closely about what I need to do for a project while I'm planning it. My UML diagram looks very different from the final code because I didn't think
        about where some of the functionality should actually be located.
